[Music]
Sarah Roberts is in jeopardy hey lady
how about it stay with her help her for
she has begun to feel the awful horror
of the hunger John Blaylock the hunger
has given him everlasting life until now
pray for him
Miriam Blaylock she fiends one day in
seven on the unsuspecting and soon she
will turn into something that you will
never be able to forget no matter how
hard and how long you try fear her what
have you done to me
[Music]
life signs terminate right here
the timeless beauty of Catherine Deneuve
the cruel elegance of David Bowie the
open sensuality of Susan Sarandon
combined to create a modern classic and
perverse fear
[Applause]
[Music]
haunting mysterious sensual strange
perverse riveting the hunger
[Music]